my name is your fault I've been 30 I
started teaching two years after I've
been so
mana when's the time
if I could only play one style of music
for the rest of my life I would choose
to play straight ahead rock pop off I
just love the pocket and i love the
field and i love the interaction and the
energy that that music emulates so I
love other music jazz latin and stuff
but I connect mostly with just basic
straight ahead rocket pop base
complicated and feel so happy you Peter
comes later and you can play
you want something
when I first decided to actually post a
video online it was it was that I max it
with my time I was teaching 30 or 40
students I was working full-time job i
was selling duck into Chinatown so I was
working with different primary shops and
stuff like that and I was buying and
selling drums the drum set and hockey
cards on the side Oh Canadian you gotta
buy and sell all he got that's right and
so for me I was like what what more can
I do and actually reach and actually
have something that I can scale
I never ever expected what we started
doing you know back in the day to turn
out to the wave is now and I think I
don't think there's any way I could have
even dreamed something this big I
remember you know thinking what would be
the ideal situation back then and it
wasn't even acted it wasn't even half of
what we've got now wasn't even half the
community but we had no so no I never
ever thought I look for him to be you
know hundreds literally hundreds of
thousands of them